EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 1, 2026
(the "Effective Date"), by and between:

GlobalTech Corp., a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business
at 200 Park Avenue, 38th Floor, New York, New York 10166 ("Employer" or the
"Company"); and

Jordan A. Mitchell, an individual residing at 445 West 82nd Street, Apt. 7C,
New York, New York 10024 ("Employee").

Employer and Employee are each referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively
as the "Parties."

WHEREAS, Employer is a global technology company engaged in the development,
licensing, and sale of enterprise software solutions, artificial intelligence
platforms, cloud infrastructure services, and related technologies (the
"Business"); and

WHEREAS, Employer desires to employ Employee, and Employee desires to accept
such employment, on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree
as follows:


1. POSITION AND DUTIES

1.1 Position. Employer hereby employs Employee as Senior Staff Engineer,
reporting to the Vice President of Engineering or such other person as Employer
may designate from time to time.

1.2 Duties. Employee shall perform such duties and responsibilities as are
customarily associated with the position of Senior Staff Engineer, including
software architecture, system design, technical leadership, code review, and
mentorship. Employee shall also perform such additional duties as may be
reasonably assigned by Employer from time to time, consistent with Employee's
position, skills, and experience.

1.3 Full-Time Employment. Employee shall devote substantially all of Employee's
working time, attention, energy, and best efforts to the performance of
Employee's duties under this Agreement. Employee shall not engage in any other
employment, consulting, or business activity during the term of this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Employer, whether or not such activity is
pursued for profit.

1.4 Compliance. Employee shall comply with all policies, procedures, rules, and
regulations established by Employer from time to time, as communicated to
Employee in the Employee Handbook or otherwise.

1.5 Place of Employment. Employee's primary place of employment shall be
Employer's offices in New York, New York, subject to reasonable travel as
required by Employee's duties.


2. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

2.1 Base Salary. Employer shall pay Employee an annual base salary of Two
Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars ($240,000.00), payable in accordance with
Employer's standard payroll schedule and subject to applicable withholdings and
deductions ("Base Salary"). Employee's Base Salary shall be reviewed annually
by Employer, but Employer shall have no obligation to increase the Base Salary.

2.2 Annual Bonus. Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual performance
bonus of up to twenty-five percent (25%) of Employee's Base Salary, based on
the achievement of individual and company performance objectives as determined
by Employer in its sole discretion. The annual bonus, if any, shall be paid
within ninety (90) days following the end of the applicable calendar year.
Employee must be actively employed by Employer on the date the bonus is paid
to be eligible to receive such bonus. No partial or prorated bonus shall be
paid if Employee's employment terminates prior to the bonus payment date.

2.3 Equity. Subject to the approval of Employer's Board of Directors, Employee
shall be granted a stock option to purchase Fifty Thousand (50,000) shares of
Employer's common stock at the fair market value on the date of grant. Such
stock option shall vest over four (4) years, with twenty-five percent (25%)
vesting on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and the remainder
vesting in equal monthly installments over the following thirty-six (36) months,
subject to Employee's continued employment with Employer. The stock option
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Employer's Stock Incentive Plan
and the applicable Stock Option Agreement.

2.4 Benefits. During the term of this Agreement, Employee shall be eligible to
participate in all employee benefit programs and plans offered by Employer to
its similarly situated employees, in accordance with the terms and conditions
of such plans and programs, including health insurance, dental insurance,
vision insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, and a 401(k) retirement
savings plan with employer matching.

2.5 Paid Time Off. Employee shall be entitled to twenty (20) days of paid time
off per calendar year, to be used in accordance with Employer's PTO policy.
Unused PTO shall not carry over to the following year and shall not be paid out
upon termination, except as required by applicable law.

2.6 Expense Reimbursement. Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable
and documented business expenses incurred by Employee in the performance of
Employee's duties, in accordance with Employer's expense reimbursement policy
and subject to the submission of appropriate documentation.


3. DEFINITIONS

3.1 "Confidential Information" means any and all non-public information relating
to Employer or its Business, whether written, oral, electronic, or visual,
including but not limited to: trade secrets; proprietary data; inventions
(whether or not patentable); algorithms; source code; object code; software
designs; system architectures; technical specifications; research and
development activities; product roadmaps; business plans and strategies;
financial data and projections; customer and prospect lists; customer data;
pricing information; marketing plans; vendor and supplier information; employee
information; merger and acquisition activities; and any other information that
Employer designates as confidential or that a reasonable person would understand
to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of
disclosure.

3.2 "Inventions" means any and all inventions, discoveries, improvements,
innovations, ideas, concepts, techniques, methods, processes, formulas,
algorithms, software, code, programs, applications, systems, architectures,
designs, works of authorship, documentation, know-how, data, trade secrets,
and other intellectual property or materials, whether or not patentable or
copyrightable, whether or not reduced to practice, and whether or not related
to Employer's business, that are created, conceived, developed, discovered,
made, or reduced to practice by Employee, either alone or jointly with others,
during the term of Employee's employment with Employer.

3.3 "Competing Business" means any person, entity, or enterprise that is
engaged in, or is preparing to engage in, the development, licensing, sale,
or provision of enterprise software solutions, artificial intelligence
platforms, cloud infrastructure services, machine learning tools, data
analytics platforms, or any other products or services that are competitive
with or substantially similar to any products or services offered, developed,
or under development by Employer or any of its Affiliates at any time during
the twelve (12) months preceding Employee's termination of employment.

3.4 "Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with Employer, where "control" means
the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting securities or
equivalent ownership interest.


4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT

4.1 Assignment of Inventions. Employee hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers
to Employer, and agrees to assign and transfer to Employer, all of Employee's
right, title, and interest in and to all Inventions, including all patent
rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, trademark rights, and all other
intellectual property rights therein. This assignment is effective automatically
upon creation, conception, or development of any Invention, without the need
for any further action by Employee.

4.2 Scope. The assignment set forth in Section 4.1 applies to all Inventions,
regardless of whether such Inventions are: (a) created during working hours or
outside working hours; (b) created at Employer's premises or elsewhere;
(c) created using Employer's equipment, supplies, or resources, or Employee's
own equipment, supplies, or resources; (d) related to Employer's current or
anticipated business, research, or development activities; or (e) related to
Employee's job duties or responsibilities.

4.3 Disclosure. Employee shall promptly and fully disclose to Employer all
Inventions, whether or not Employee believes such Inventions are subject to
this Agreement. Employee shall maintain adequate and current written records
of all Inventions, which records shall be the property of Employer.

4.4 Assistance. Employee agrees to cooperate with and assist Employer, at
Employer's expense, in obtaining and enforcing Employer's rights in and to the
Inventions in any and all countries. Employee shall execute any and all
applications, assignments, and other documents that Employer may reasonably
request in connection therewith. If Employee is unable or unwilling to execute
such documents, Employee hereby irrevocably appoints Employer as Employee's
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, to execute such documents
on Employee's behalf. This appointment is coupled with an interest and shall
survive Employee's death or incapacity.

4.5 Works Made for Hire. Employee acknowledges that all works of authorship
created by Employee within the scope of Employee's employment, including
software code, documentation, designs, and other materials, are "works made
for hire" as defined under the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section
101). To the extent that any such work is determined not to be a work made for
hire, Employee hereby assigns and transfers to Employer all right, title, and
interest in and to such work, including all copyrights therein.

4.6 Moral Rights. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Employee
hereby waives and agrees not to assert any moral rights, rights of attribution,
rights of integrity, or any other rights of a similar nature that Employee may
have in any Inventions or works of authorship assigned to Employer under this
Agreement.


5. CONFIDENTIALITY

5.1 Non-Disclosure. During the term of Employee's employment and at all times
thereafter in perpetuity, Employee shall hold all Confidential Information in
strict confidence and shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose, publish,
communicate, or make available any Confidential Information to any person or
entity, except: (a) as required in the performance of Employee's duties for
Employer; (b) with the prior written consent of Employer; or (c) as required
by applicable law, regulation, or court order, provided that Employee gives
Employer prompt written notice of such requirement prior to disclosure (to the
extent legally permissible) and cooperates with Employer's efforts to obtain a
protective order.

5.2 Non-Use. Employee shall not use any Confidential Information for any
purpose other than the performance of Employee's duties for Employer. Employee
shall not use Confidential Information for Employee's own benefit or for the
benefit of any third party.

5.3 Return of Materials. Upon the termination of Employee's employment for any
reason, or upon Employer's request at any time, Employee shall immediately
return to Employer all documents, files, records, materials, equipment, and
other property of Employer in Employee's possession or control, including all
copies of Confidential Information in any form or medium. Employee shall also
permanently delete all Confidential Information from any personal devices,
accounts, or storage media.

5.4 Third-Party Information. Employee represents that Employee's performance of
duties under this Agreement will not require Employee to disclose or use any
confidential or proprietary information of any former employer or third party.
Employee shall not bring to Employer or use in the performance of duties any
documents, materials, or other property belonging to any former employer or
third party, unless expressly authorized by such former employer or third party.

5.5 Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act
of 2016 (18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b)), Employee shall not be held criminally or
civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure
of a trade secret that: (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local
government official, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or
investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or
other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal.


6. NON-COMPETITION

6.1 Non-Compete Covenant. During the term of Employee's employment with
Employer and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the termination
of Employee's employment for any reason (the "Restricted Period"), Employee
shall not, directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, officer, director,
partner, member, shareholder, consultant, contractor, advisor, agent, or in
any other capacity:

    (a) engage in, be employed by, consult for, or provide services to any
    Competing Business;

    (b) own, manage, operate, or control any Competing Business, or
    participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of any
    Competing Business; or

    (c) assist any person or entity in engaging in any activity that would
    constitute a violation of this Section 6 if undertaken by Employee directly.

6.2 Geographic Scope. The restrictions set forth in Section 6.1 shall apply on
a worldwide basis, in recognition of the fact that Employer conducts business
globally and that Employee has access to Confidential Information and customer
relationships that extend across all geographic regions in which Employer
operates or plans to operate.

6.3 Exclusion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may own up to one
percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of any publicly traded company, provided
that Employee does not otherwise participate in the management, operations, or
governance of such company.

6.4 Acknowledgment. Employee acknowledges that: (a) Employee's services are
unique and extraordinary; (b) Employee will have access to Confidential
Information and key customer and business relationships; (c) the restrictions
in this Section 6 are reasonable and necessary to protect Employer's legitimate
business interests; and (d) any violation of these restrictions would cause
irreparable harm to Employer for which monetary damages would be an inadequate
remedy.


7. NON-SOLICITATION

7.1 Non-Solicitation of Employees. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall
not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit, hire, engage, or attempt to
solicit, recruit, hire, or engage any person who is, or was within the six (6)
months preceding such solicitation, an employee, officer, or contractor of
Employer or any of its Affiliates, regardless of whether Employee had direct
contact with such person during Employee's employment.

7.2 Non-Solicitation of Customers. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall
not, directly or indirectly, solicit, contact, or attempt to solicit or contact
any customer, client, vendor, supplier, or business partner of Employer or any
of its Affiliates, for the purpose of: (a) providing products or services
competitive with those offered by Employer; (b) diverting or taking away
business from Employer; or (c) inducing such person or entity to cease or
reduce its business relationship with Employer. This restriction applies to all
customers and clients of Employer, including those with whom Employee did not
have direct contact or responsibility during Employee's employment.

7.3 Non-Interference. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, directly
or indirectly, encourage, induce, or attempt to encourage or induce any
employee, contractor, consultant, customer, client, vendor, or supplier of
Employer to terminate, reduce, or adversely modify its relationship with
Employer.


8. TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 At-Will Employment. Employee's employment with Employer is "at will," which
means that either Party may terminate the employment relationship at any time,
for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without prior
notice, subject to the provisions of this Section 8.

8.2 Termination by Employer for Cause. Employer may terminate Employee's
employment immediately for Cause. "Cause" means: (a) Employee's material breach
of this Agreement or any other agreement with Employer; (b) Employee's
conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or any crime
involving moral turpitude, fraud, or dishonesty; (c) Employee's willful
misconduct, gross negligence, or material failure to perform Employee's duties;
(d) Employee's violation of any material Employer policy; (e) Employee's fraud,
embezzlement, misappropriation, or theft relating to Employer or its assets; or
(f) Employee's material failure to cooperate with any investigation by Employer
or any governmental authority.

8.3 Termination by Employer Without Cause. Employer may terminate Employee's
employment without Cause at any time by providing Employee with thirty (30)
days' prior written notice or pay in lieu of notice.

8.4 Termination by Employee. Employee may terminate employment at any time by
providing Employer with at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
Employer may, in its sole discretion, waive all or any portion of such notice
period and accelerate the effective date of termination.

8.5 Death or Disability. Employee's employment shall terminate automatically
upon Employee's death. Employer may terminate Employee's employment upon
Employee's Disability. "Disability" means Employee's inability to perform the
essential functions of Employee's position, with or without reasonable
accommodation, for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or one hundred
twenty (120) days in any twelve (12) month period, as determined by a physician
selected by Employer.


9. SEVERANCE

9.1 Severance Payments. If Employer terminates Employee's employment without
Cause pursuant to Section 8.3, and provided that Employee: (a) executes and
does not revoke a general release of claims in a form acceptable to Employer
(the "Release") within the time period specified therein; and (b) complies with
all post-employment obligations under this Agreement, including Sections 4, 5,
6, and 7, Employer shall provide Employee with the following severance benefits:

    (i) Continuation of Employee's Base Salary for a period of six (6) months
    following the effective date of termination ("Severance Period"), payable
    in accordance with Employer's regular payroll schedule;

    (ii) A lump sum payment equal to a prorated portion of Employee's target
    annual bonus for the year of termination, based on the number of days
    Employee was employed during such year, payable within thirty (30) days
    following the effective date of the Release; and

    (iii) If Employee timely elects to continue health insurance coverage under
    COBRA, Employer shall pay the employer portion of the COBRA premiums for
    Employee and Employee's eligible dependents during the Severance Period or
    until Employee becomes eligible for coverage through another employer's
    plan, whichever occurs first.

9.2 No Severance for Other Terminations. Employee shall not be entitled to any
severance benefits if Employee's employment is terminated: (a) by Employer for
Cause; (b) by Employee voluntarily; (c) due to Employee's death or Disability;
or (d) for any reason other than termination by Employer without Cause.

9.3 Mitigation. Employee shall have no obligation to mitigate damages by
seeking other employment during the Severance Period. However, severance
payments shall be reduced by the amount of any compensation earned by Employee
from another employer during the Severance Period.

9.4 Sole Remedy. The severance benefits described in this Section 9 shall
constitute Employee's sole and exclusive remedy for any claim arising out of or
relating to the termination of Employee's employment.


10. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

10.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its
conflict of laws principles.

10.2 Jurisdiction. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts
located in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and each Party
irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts.

10.3 Equitable Relief. Employee acknowledges that any breach or threatened
breach of Sections 4, 5, 6, or 7 of this Agreement would cause irreparable
harm to Employer for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy.
Accordingly, Employer shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including
temporary and permanent injunctions and specific performance, in addition to
any other remedies available at law or in equity, without the necessity of
proving actual damages or posting a bond or other security.


11. SURVIVAL

11.1 The following provisions shall survive the expiration or termination of
this Agreement and Employee's employment for any reason: Section 3
(Definitions), Section 4 (Intellectual Property Assignment), Section 5
(Confidentiality), Section 6 (Non-Competition), Section 7 (Non-Solicitation),
Section 9 (Severance, to the extent of accrued obligations), Section 10
(Governing Law and Dispute Resolution), this Section 11 (Survival), and
Section 12 (Miscellaneous).


12. MISCELLANEOUS

12.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, and discussions,
whether oral or written. Employee acknowledges that Employee has not relied upon
any representations, promises, or agreements not expressly set forth herein.

12.2 Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a
written instrument signed by both Parties.

12.3 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining
provisions shall continue in full force and effect. If any restriction in
Sections 6 or 7 is found to be unreasonable or unenforceable, the court shall
modify such restriction to the minimum extent necessary to make it reasonable
and enforceable.

12.4 Waiver. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power,
or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof.

12.5 Assignment. Employee may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Employer.
Employer may freely assign this Agreement to any successor entity in connection
with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Employer's
assets.

12.6 Notices. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given when delivered personally, sent by confirmed email, or sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested, to the addresses set forth above
or to such other address as a Party may designate by written notice.

12.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

12.8 Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or
construction of this Agreement.

12.9 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended solely for the
benefit of the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns, and shall
not confer any rights or remedies upon any third party.

12.10 Acknowledgment. Employee acknowledges that Employee has read this
Agreement in its entirety, understands its terms and conditions, has had the
opportunity to consult with legal counsel, and is entering into this Agreement
voluntarily and without duress.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

GLOBALTECH CORP.                        EMPLOYEE

By: ___________________________         ___________________________
Name: Rebecca Liu                       Jordan A. Mitchell
Title: Chief People Officer
Date: March 1, 2026                     Date: March 1, 2026


EXHIBIT A — PRIOR INVENTIONS DISCLOSURE

Employee represents that, as of the Effective Date, Employee has no prior
inventions, discoveries, original works of authorship, developments,
improvements, or trade secrets that Employee wishes to exclude from the scope
of this Agreement.

Employee initials: ______

Date: ______
